Naked Corner Time - Remove all your clothes/ kneel in the corner looking at the wall for a certain amount of time.
Research For Your Partner - Complete research for your partner for a particular product/ toy or service (e.g. finding best deal/ reading reviews/ finding out pros and cons/ etc).
,Writing - Write a piece about what you’ve done wrong (must be a certain length).
,Line Writing - Write the same statement a certain amount of times.
,Naked Exercise At Home - Complete a certain exercise for a certain period of time/repetitions (e.g. push-ups/ pull-ups/ yoga/ etc).
,Clean Parts Of The House Naked - Get naked and clean a certain part of the house.
,Specific Bed Time - Your partner will decide the time you must be in bed by for the rest of the week.
,Wake Up Early - Your partner will decide what time you must be awake by for the best of the week.
,Kneel On Uncooked Rice - Get uncooked rice and kneel on it for a certain period of time.
,Face Slapping - Slap your face a certain number of times.
,Take Pictures - Get naked and take a certain number of pictures in different positions for your partner.
,Practise Applying Makeup - Apply the makeup your dominant would like and keep for certain time.
,Wear Face Mask - You must wear a face mask for certain period of time.
,Hit Soles Of Feet - Hit the soles of your feet for a certain number of times.
,Naked Corner Time While Holding Coin - Remove all your clothes/ kneel in the corner while holding a coin against the wall with your nose for a certain amount of time.
,Naked Corner Time While Sucking A Dildo - Remove all your clothes/ kneel in the corner while sucking a dildo for a certain amount of time.
,Lose A Wank - If you have a set number of wanks available/ you must remove one today. Otherwise/ if you are not permitted to masturbate at all/ please get a new punishment.
,Paint Toenails - Paint all toenails and keep for a certain period of time
,Eat Cum - After your next permitted orgasm/ you must eat all the cum.
,Wash Mouth - Go to bathroom and wash your mouth out with soap.
,Try A Different Product/Food - Your partner will give you a specific product or food you must try (e.g. healthy food/ protein shakes/ different shampoo/ etc).
,No Underwear - You’re not permitted to wear any underwear for certain period of time.
,Edging - You must edge a certain number of times and not allowed to orgasm.
,Wear Collar - You must wear a collar for a certain period of time (e.g. during Skype call/ filling car with fuel/ etc).
,Hit Balls With Ruler - You must hit each testicle a certain number of times.
,Toilet Control - You must ask permission to use the bathroom for a certain period of time.
,Lipstick While Driving - While driving to a destination/ wear a bright colour lipstick until you arrive.
,Give Your Partner A Massage - Provide a massage for your parter for however long they would like.
,Sing A Song - You must sing a song for your partner (e.g. favourite song/ nursery rhyme/ etc).
,Shopping For Your Partner - Purchase an item in store for your partner (e.g. makeup/ panties/ bras/ tampons/ etc).
,Forced Chastity - Lock your cock up in chastity for your partner/ they’ll decide for how long.
,Feminine Makeover & Photo Shoot - You must wear make-up your partner wants you to and perform a photo shoot/ for the number of pictures your partner wants.
,Shave Legs - You must completely shave your legs.
,Computer Control - Allow your partner to have access your computer for certain period.
,Cook & Serve Partner - You must cook a meal for your partner naked and serve like a waiter.
,Food/Drink Restriction - You aren’t allowed to consume a particular type of food or drink for certain period of time.
,Role Dice - Increase the number of punishments by rolling the dice.
,Purchase & Wear A Diaper - You must go to a store/ purchase a diaper and wear it for a certain period of time.
,Paint Toenails & Online Exposure - Paint all toenails/ keep for a certain period of time and share photo online.
,Masturbate Outside - Go outside and masturbate.
,Full Masturbation Control - The submissive must ask for permission each time they want to masturbate for a certain period/ although the majority will be denied.
,Make Them Wear High Heels - Forced to wear high heels for a certain period of time.
,Wear Ball Gag - You must wear a ball gag for a certain period of time or to complete a household chore.
,Wear Butt While Doing Housework - Get naked and insert a butt plug while doing certain housework.
,Anal Training - Insert a butt plug and wear it for certain period of time.
,Wear Panties/Bar - You must wear women’s panties/ bra (or both) underneath clothing for a certain amount of time.
,Edge During The Day - Go to bathroom (either at home or a public bathroom if your partner decides)/ strip completely naked and edge yourself once/ but don’t cum. Then return to your day.
,Over the knee spanking with your bare hand – 20 lashes. Sub must count out each strike and ask for another.
,Sub will drink a container (martini glass/ shot glass/ bowl/ etc.) of cum. Either their Dom/Master’s cum/ or possibly that of a few different people.
,Insert a small-to-medium size ice cube into their pussy or anus but only for a few seconds at a time. Prolonged ice exposure could cause damage. You could also soak a glass dildo in cold water and use that on their holes.
,They must take a rubber ruler/ bend it/ and release it so it slaps their genitals 10 times. They’re not good enough for you to spank them.
,Put a medium-to-large size vibrating butt plug in his or her ass and make them do their normal routine with it in place/ on the highest setting. They cannot take it out until you have given them permission to do so.
,Sensory deprivation. For example/ have them wear headphones and a blindfold.
,Put their panties in side their pussy/ make them masturbate and orgasm. When they’re finished/ make them put those same panties in their mouth for 30 minutes.
,They must draw you a bath/ wash you/ and play with you until you orgasm. When you are finished with your bath/ they must also bathe themselves using your dirty/ cold bath water. If they serviced you to your standards/ you may allow them to take a 1-minute long luke-warm shower to properly wash themselves.
,Over the knee spanking with a stingy implement (cane/ thin crop/ switch/ etc) – 20 lashes. Sub must count out each strike and ask for another.
,Take them out in public for the day. During this time/ they must whisper in your ear the things they want. Example: At a restaurant they must whisper to you their order. They cannot speak for themselves.
,Make your sub into a “human sex doll” by tying them into a sexually available position. While in this position/ they will be made available to your every desire. You can fuck any of their holes however you wish/ while also being free to give pain and inflict whatever humiliation you choose. Obey all safety and blood flow precautions/ as well as appropriate level of consent! You do not get to ignore safe words!
,If you are in a cuckolding dynamic/ after you finish having someone cum on or in you/ have your partner clean up the cum with their mouth and tongue.
,If consensual company is visiting/ make them masturbate/ but not orgasm/ in the middle of the room for all to see.
,Telling your sub/slave that they have disappointed you.
,Caning the soles of their feet – 5 firm yet gentle lashes.If applicable/ they must paint your finger and toe nails.
,Sub must perform household cleaning with a well-lubed butt plug in place. If it falls out/ choose another punishment each time.
,Over the knee spanking with a thuddy implement (paddle/ wooden hairbrush/ etc) – 20 lashes. Sub must count out each strike and ask for another.
,You chose what their sexual orientation is for the weekend.
,Write their infraction on their body in marker/ take pictures and post on the internet for all to see.
,Send them to work wearing a piece of very sexy lingerie under their clothing/ this makes a constant/ discreet reminder of his or her position.
,Bathroom use control for 24 hours.
,Female sub must run an errand in public wearing no underwear with ben wa balls in place.
,Place clothespins on their nipples for 15 minutes.
,Make them write you a letter stating what they did wrong/ how it made you feel/ and how they will fix it next time.
,Strike their genitals with a riding crop or flogger – 5 good lashes.
,Cum on their face and make them perform household chores while the cum dries on their face. They cannot wash it off until you give them permission.
,If they do not like the idea of collars/ make them wear a collar for three days whenever they are in the house.
,Demand that they perform some sexual activity that they do not particularly like. This does NOT mean force them to violate their hard limits.
,Sub will pose for a photo shoot in any ways the master wants.
,If you are a male/ cum in their underwear or panties/ make them put them back on and continue with their day.
,Their speaking privileges are revoked for the rest of the day. They may only signal their needs with their hands and sounds/ as a toddler would do.
,Stand in the corner but holding a coin against one of the walls with their nose. If it falls/ select another punishment.
,Chain them to a Swiffer or broom by a collar and a chain that’s just too short to stand comfortably while swiffering. Have them clean the kitchen to your satisfaction while they’re chained up.
,Write dirty things on their body/ such as “Dirty Slut/” “Cum Dumpster/” or “Cock Whore/” and make them run an errand wearing a long coat with nothing underneath. They will not be visibly nude but they will know what people would see if the coat were to come off.
,Record their masturbation/sex noises and set it as their ringtone.
,Remove their right to use furniture. They must kneel on the floor next to you/ sleep on the floor at night/ etc.
,Have them enter into a squatting position with a heavily-lubricated butt plug in place. They must stay in this position for 5 minutes without allowing the plug to fall out. If it does/ they get 10 firm smacks on each ass cheek/ before attempting the squatting again
,When they want to eat/ make them cum in their own food before they can eat their meal.
,Make them go to the grocery store and buy the largest cucumber they can find and a bottle of lube.
,If you are female/ make the punished sub/slave shave your legs.
,Schedule an appointment for them to have a Brazilian wax done. The sting will remind them of their disobedience.
,The next time an unaware family member calls/ make them masturbate and cum without moaning or in any way tipping off their relative.
,Make them stand in the corner like a child.
,Forced cold shower.
,Have your submissive wear substantial underwear (i.e.: Not a skimpy thong or g-string)/ put ice cubes in the crotch or ass of the underwear and make them wear it until the ice cube is melted.
,Make them write an apologetic sentence 50 or more times/ Bart Simpson style.
,Have them take a shower in any way they like to/ but when they are finished make them rinse their entire body in cold water for 2 minutes.
,Rub their face in your pussy but gag them so that they cannot lick you.
,If male/ make them dress in women’s undergarments for the entire day.
,If there is more than one slave/submissive in the house/ the punished one must help prepare the other subs/slaves for your use and also harden your cock/prepare your pussy.
,They must act as an object such as a foot stool/ coffee table/ etc.
,Make them read passages out loud from a very dry book and use a cane on various parts of their body. If they stop reading for more than a second/ they must ask you for three swats with the cane on their asshole/ before continuing.
,While consenting company is over/ have your sub serve dinner to everyone completely nude. They must then wait/ kneeling/ at your feet until permission is given for them to dine. You may choose to have them eat out of pet food bowls or eat only the scraps from everyone’s plates.
,Make them wear a very short skirt/ no panties/ a butt plug with extra lube and instruct them to walk around the block. If they are male/ you will need to ensure that their cock and balls are not on public display/ as this if a serious crime in most places. This is meant to make them stress about the plug falling out/ not to have non-consenting people see their genitals.
,Eat from a pet dish. If this actually arouses them normally/ make them eat at the table from a plate.
,Make them drink three pints of water before putting them to bed in a puppy cage where they must remain all night. They are not allowed to use the bathroom and if they cannot hold it/ they will need to pee on themselves in the cage.
,Tie their hands behind their back and have them kneel with knees spread naked in front of you while you read or watch TV/ occasionally nudging their genitals with your shoes.
,While making sure impressionable or non-consenting people do not see/ take them into your garden/ blindfold them and tie them to a bench/ leaving them there until you decide to retrieve them. Make sure the weather is cooperative and will not burn or cause them any physical damage.
,Tie them in a chair with their knees pulled up to their shoulders – good for spanking and everything is exposed and vulnerable.
,They must use their tongue as a towel upon your body after you have finished taking a shower. In this way/ they will worship your body.
,Caning the soles of their feet – 5 firm yet gentle lashes.
,Give them healthy foods to eat that they do not particularly enjoy.
,Order them to bring themselves to the edge of orgasm and stay there until you give them permission. When you give the command/ they must cum within 30 seconds or they will be punished or not allowed to cum at all that day.
,Tight/ restrictive bondage/ but be sure to check for circulation/bad pain problems frequently!
,Make them wear nipple clamps and guild them through the house behind you/ pulling them by the chain of the clamps. Pulling on Clover Clamps will tighten the pinch.
,Write a very detailed description of a fantasy of theirs/ including those involved without using names/ setting/ process/ etc. from beginning to end. Once that task is complete have them post it online for all to read (in a NSFW-friendly way).
,Tie them to a bed and use a Hitachi Magic Wand on them/ for forced orgasms. If they get too loud/ gag them.
,Get a pair of chopsticks/ put the sticks above and below the nipples and rubber-band them together at the ends.
,Orgasm denial for 24 hours.
,Have them enter into a squatting position with a heavily-lubricated butt plug in place. They must stay in this position for 5 minutes without allowing the plug to fall out. If it does/ they get 10 firm smacks on each ass cheek/ before attempting the squatting again.
,After a stern spanking/ make them kneel or stand in the corner for 15 minutes near the front door. They are to stay in this position even if someone comes to the door.
,If you think your male sub/slave has earned your permission to cum/ let him cum on your feet/ shoes/ asshole/ wherever. Then make him lick it up.
,Sub must kneel on uncooked rice for 3 minutes with their hands placed behind their head. Then they must clean up the rice.
,If applicable/ they must paint your finger and toe nails.
,Ride them around as if they were a pony.
,Pick up twenty thumbtacks using only their breasts or ass/ then spread rubbing alcohol on their breasts or ass.
,Put them in a chastity belt or cock cage for a set amount of time.
,They must present their pussy and/or asshole to you/ by spreading themselves wide. Apply mint toothpaste to the outside of their worthless holes. Do not apply internally/ as this may cause damage. Applying to the outside of the anus/ for example/ will cause a burning sensation. Test with a small amount with the first punishment/ as a warning/ to make sure their body does not react adversely to the paste.
,Insert a small-to-medium size ice cube into their pussy or anus but only for a few seconds at a time. Prolonged ice exposure could cause damage. You could also soak a glass dildo in cold water and use that on their holes.